---
subcategory: "Cloud Backup"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_backup_policy"
description: |-
  Get information about Yandex Cloud Backup Policy.
---

# yandex_backup_policy (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Backup Policy. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/backup/concepts/policy).

~> One of `policy_id` or `name` should be specified.

~> In case you use `name`, an error will occur if two policies with the same name exist. In this case, rename the policy or use the `policy_id`.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Cloud Backup Policy
//
data "yandex_backup_policy" "my_policy" {
  name = "some_policy_name"
}

output "my_policy_name" {
  value = data.yandex_backup_policy.my_policy.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `policy_id` (String) ID of the policy.

### Read-Only

- `archive_name` (String) The name of generated archives. Default `[Machine Name]-[Plan ID]-[Unique ID]a`.
- `cbt` (String) Configuration of Changed Block Tracking. Available values are: `USE_IF_ENABLED`, `ENABLED_AND_USE`, `DO_NOT_USE`. Default `DO_NOT_USE`.
- `compression` (String) Archive compression level. Affects CPU. Available values: `NORMAL`, `HIGH`, `MAX`, `OFF`. Default: `NORMAL`.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `fast_backup_enabled` (Boolean)
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `format` (String) Format of the backup. It's strongly recommend to leave this option empty or `AUTO`. Available values: `AUTO`, `VERSION_11`, `VERSION_12`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `multi_volume_snapshotting_enabled` (Boolean) If true, snapshots of multiple volumes will be taken simultaneously. Default `true`.
- `performance_window_enabled` (Boolean) Time windows for performance limitations of backup. Default `false`.
- `preserve_file_security_settings` (Boolean) Preserves file security settings. It's better to set this option to true. Default `true`.
- `quiesce_snapshotting_enabled` (Boolean) If true, a quiesced snapshot of the virtual machine will be taken. Default `false`.
- `reattempts` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reattempts))
- `retention` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention))
- `scheduling` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduling))
- `silent_mode_enabled` (Boolean) If true, a user interaction will be avoided when possible. Default `true`.
- `splitting_bytes` (String) Determines the size to split backups. It's better to leave this option unchanged. Default `9223372036854775807`.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `vm_snapshot_reattempts` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vm_snapshot_reattempts))
- `vss_provider` (String) Settings for the volume shadow copy service. Available values are: `NATIVE`, `TARGET_SYSTEM_DEFINED`. Default `NATIVE`.

<a id="nestedatt--reattempts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reattempts`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String)
- `max_attempts` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention`

Read-Only:

- `after_backup` (Boolean)
- `rules` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--retention--rules))

<a id="nestedobjatt--retention--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention.rules`

Read-Only:

- `max_age` (String)
- `max_count` (Number)
- `repeat_period` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--scheduling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling`

Read-Only:

- `backup_sets` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets))
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `max_parallel_backups` (Number)
- `random_max_delay` (String)
- `scheme` (String)
- `weekly_backup_day` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.backup_sets`

Read-Only:

- `execute_by_interval` (Number)
- `execute_by_time` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets--execute_by_time))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--scheduling--backup_sets--execute_by_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduling.backup_sets.execute_by_time`

Read-Only:

- `include_last_day_of_month` (Boolean)
- `monthdays` (List of Number)
- `months` (List of Number)
- `repeat_at` (List of String)
- `repeat_every` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `weekdays` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--vm_snapshot_reattempts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vm_snapshot_reattempts`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `interval` (String)
- `max_attempts` (Number)

