---
subcategory: "Cloud Content Delivery Network (CDN)"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_cdn_origin_group"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex CDN Origin Group.
---

# yandex_cdn_origin_group (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex CDN Origin Group. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cdn/concepts/origins).

~> **Note:** One of `origin_group_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing CDN Origin Group
//
data "yandex_cdn_origin_group" "my_group" {
  origin_group_id = "some_instance_id"
}

output "origin_group_name" {
  value = data.yandex_cdn_origin_group.my_group.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `origin_group_id` (String) The ID of a specific origin group.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the CDN origin group (stored as string).
- `origin` (Block Set) A set of available origins in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--origin))
- `provider_type` (String) CDN provider type.
- `use_next` (Boolean) If `true`, the next origin in group will be used if current origin fails. If `false`, the request will fail.

<a id="nestedblock--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin`

Read-Only:

- `backup` (Boolean) Specifies whether the origin is used in its origin group as backup. A backup origin is used when one of active origins becomes unavailable. Specifies whether the origin is used in its origin group as backup. A backup origin is used when one of active origins becomes unavailable. Default: `false`.

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the origin is enabled and used as a source for the CDN. The origin is enabled and used as a source for the CDN. Default: `true`.

- `origin_group_id` (Number) The ID of the origin group this origin belongs to. The ID of the origin group that this origin belongs to.

- `source` (String) IP address or domain name of your origin and the port (e.g., `example.com:8080`). IP address or Domain name of your origin and the port (e.g., `example.com:8080` or `192.0.2.1:80`).

