---
subcategory: "Data Processing"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_dataproc_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Data Processing cluster
---

# yandex_dataproc_cluster (Data Source)



## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Data Processing Cluster.
//
data "yandex_dataproc_cluster" "foo" {
  name = "test"
}

output "service_account_id" {
  value = data.yandex_dataproc_cluster.foo.service_account_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Yandex Data Processing cluster.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `bucket` (String) Name of the Object Storage bucket to use for Yandex Data Processing jobs. Yandex Data Processing Agent saves output of job driver's process to specified bucket. In order for this to work service account (specified by the `service_account_id` argument) should be given permission to create objects within this bucket.
- `cluster_config` (List of Object) Configuration and resources for hosts that should be created with the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the cluster. Can be either `PRESTABLE` or `PRODUCTION`. The default is `PRESTABLE`.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String) A list of host group IDs to place VMs of the cluster on.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `log_group_id` (String) ID of the cloud logging group for cluster logs.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (String) Service account to be used by the Yandex Data Processing agent to access resources of Yandex Cloud. Selected service account should have `mdb.dataproc.agent` role on the folder where the Yandex Data Processing cluster will be located.
- `ui_proxy` (Boolean) Whether to enable UI Proxy feature.
- `zone_id` (String) The [availability zone](https://yandex.cloud/docs/overview/concepts/geo-scope) where resource is located. If it is not provided, the default provider zone will be used.

<a id="nestedatt--cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config`

Read-Only:

- `hadoop` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cluster_config--hadoop))
- `subcluster_spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cluster_config--subcluster_spec))
- `version_id` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--cluster_config--hadoop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config.hadoop`

Read-Only:

- `initialization_action` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cluster_config--hadoop--initialization_action))
- `properties` (Map of String)
- `services` (Set of String)
- `ssh_public_keys` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--cluster_config--hadoop--initialization_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config.hadoop.initialization_action`

Read-Only:

- `args` (List of String)
- `timeout` (String)
- `uri` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--cluster_config--subcluster_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config.subcluster_spec`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean)
- `autoscaling_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cluster_config--subcluster_spec--autoscaling_config))
- `hosts_count` (Number)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cluster_config--subcluster_spec--resources))
- `role` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--cluster_config--subcluster_spec--autoscaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config.subcluster_spec.autoscaling_config`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_utilization_target` (String)
- `decommission_timeout` (String)
- `max_hosts_count` (Number)
- `measurement_duration` (String)
- `preemptible` (Boolean)
- `stabilization_duration` (String)
- `warmup_duration` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--cluster_config--subcluster_spec--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_config.subcluster_spec.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number)
- `disk_type_id` (String)
- `resource_preset_id` (String)
