---
subcategory: "Managed Service for Kubernetes (MK8S)"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_kubernetes_node_group"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Kubernetes Node Group.
---

# yandex_kubernetes_node_group (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Kubernetes Node Group. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kubernetes/concepts/#node-group).

~> One of `node_group_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Managed Kubernetes Node Group.
//
data "yandex_kubernetes_node_group" "my_node_group" {
  node_group_id = "some_k8s_node_group_id"
}

output "my_node_group.status" {
  value = data.yandex_kubernetes_node_group.my_node_group.status
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `node_group_id` (String) ID of a specific Kubernetes node group.

### Read-Only

- `allocation_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocation_policy))
- `allowed_unsafe_sysctls` (List of String) A list of allowed unsafe `sysctl` parameters for this node group. For more details see [documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/sysctl-cluster).
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Kubernetes cluster that this node group belongs to.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `deploy_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deploy_policy))
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_group_id` (String) ID of instance group that is used to manage this Kubernetes node group.
- `instance_template` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_template))
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_policy))
- `node_labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs, that are assigned to all the nodes of this Kubernetes node group.
- `node_taints` (List of String) A list of Kubernetes taints, that are applied to all the nodes of this Kubernetes node group.
- `scale_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scale_policy))
- `status` (String) Status of the Kubernetes node group.
- `version_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version_info))

<a id="nestedatt--allocation_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_policy`

Read-Only:

- `location` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--allocation_policy--location))

<a id="nestedobjatt--allocation_policy--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_policy.location`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_id` (String)
- `zone` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--deploy_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deploy_policy`

Read-Only:

- `max_expansion` (Number)
- `max_unavailable` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--instance_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template`

Read-Only:

- `boot_disk` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--boot_disk))
- `container_network` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_network))
- `container_runtime` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_runtime))
- `gpu_settings` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--gpu_settings))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `nat` (Boolean)
- `network_acceleration_type` (String)
- `network_interface` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface))
- `placement_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--placement_policy))
- `platform_id` (String)
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--resources))
- `scheduling_policy` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--scheduling_policy))

<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.boot_disk`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.container_network`

Read-Only:

- `pod_mtu` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--container_runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.container_runtime`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--gpu_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.gpu_settings`

Read-Only:

- `gpu_cluster_id` (String)
- `gpu_environment` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Boolean)
- `ipv4_dns_records` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv4_dns_records))
- `ipv6` (Boolean)
- `ipv6_dns_records` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv6_dns_records))
- `nat` (Boolean)
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String)
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv4_dns_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.network_interface.ipv4_dns_records`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String)
- `fqdn` (String)
- `ptr` (Boolean)
- `ttl` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--network_interface--ipv6_dns_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.network_interface.ipv6_dns_records`

Read-Only:

- `dns_zone_id` (String)
- `fqdn` (String)
- `ptr` (Boolean)
- `ttl` (Number)



<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--placement_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.placement_policy`

Read-Only:

- `placement_group_id` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.resources`

Read-Only:

- `core_fraction` (Number)
- `cores` (Number)
- `gpus` (Number)
- `memory` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--instance_template--scheduling_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_template.scheduling_policy`

Read-Only:

- `preemptible` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_policy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_repair` (Boolean)
- `auto_upgrade` (Boolean)
- `maintenance_window` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--maintenance_policy--maintenance_window))

<a id="nestedobjatt--maintenance_policy--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_policy.maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `duration` (String)
- `start_time` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--scale_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_scale` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale))
- `fixed_scale` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--fixed_scale))

<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale`

Read-Only:

- `initial` (Number)
- `max` (Number)
- `min` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--fixed_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.fixed_scale`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--version_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version_info`

Read-Only:

- `current_version` (String)
- `new_revision_available` (Boolean)
- `new_revision_summary` (String)
- `version_deprecated` (Boolean)
