---
subcategory: "Load Testing"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_loadtesting_agent"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Load Testing Agent.
---

# yandex_loadtesting_agent (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Load Testing Agent.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing LoadTesting Agent.
//
data "yandex_loadtesting_agent" "my_agent" {
  agent_id = "some_agent_id"
}

output "instance_external_ip" {
  value = data.yandex_loadtesting_agent.my_agent.compute_instance.0.network_interface.0.nat_ip_address
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agent_id` (String) The ID of a specific load testing agent.

### Optional

- `log_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--log_settings))

### Read-Only

- `compute_instance` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute_instance))
- `compute_instance_id` (String) Compute Instance ID.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.

<a id="nestedblock--log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_settings`

Optional:

- `log_group_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--compute_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance`

Read-Only:

- `boot_disk` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk))
- `computed_labels` (Map of String)
- `computed_metadata` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `network_interface` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--network_interface))
- `platform_id` (String)
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--resources))
- `service_account_id` (String)
- `zone_id` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.boot_disk`

Read-Only:

- `auto_delete` (Boolean)
- `device_name` (String)
- `disk_id` (String)
- `initialize_params` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk--initialize_params))

<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--boot_disk--initialize_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.boot_disk.initialize_params`

Read-Only:

- `block_size` (Number)
- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `index` (Number)
- `ip_address` (String)
- `ipv4` (Boolean)
- `ipv6` (Boolean)
- `ipv6_address` (String)
- `mac_address` (String)
- `nat` (Boolean)
- `nat_ip_address` (String)
- `nat_ip_version` (String)
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String)
- `subnet_id` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--compute_instance--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_instance.resources`

Read-Only:

- `core_fraction` (Number)
- `cores` (Number)
- `memory` (Number)
