---
subcategory: "Managed Service for PostgreSQL"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Managed PostgreSQL cluster.
---

# yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed PostgreSQL cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/). [How to connect to the DB](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-postgresql/quickstart#connect). To connect, use port 6432. The port number is not configurable.

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB PostgreSQL Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "fqdn" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster.my_cluster.host.0.fqdn
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The name of the PostgreSQL cluster.

### Read-Only

- `config` (List of Object) Configuration of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the PostgreSQL cluster.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster.
- `host` (List of Object) A host of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String) Host Group IDs.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) Maintenance policy of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `user` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--access))
- `autofailover` (Boolean)
- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number)
- `backup_window_start` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--backup_window_start))
- `disk_size_autoscaling` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--disk_size_autoscaling))
- `performance_diagnostics` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--performance_diagnostics))
- `pooler_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--pooler_config))
- `postgresql_config` (Map of String)
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--resources))
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.access`

Read-Only:

- `data_lens` (Boolean)
- `data_transfer` (Boolean)
- `serverless` (Boolean)
- `web_sql` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number)
- `minutes` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.disk_size_autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number)
- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number)
- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--performance_diagnostics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.performance_diagnostics`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `sessions_sampling_interval` (Number)
- `statements_sampling_interval` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--pooler_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.pooler_config`

Read-Only:

- `pool_discard` (Boolean)
- `pooling_mode` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number)
- `disk_type_id` (String)
- `resource_preset_id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `extension` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--database--extension))
- `lc_collate` (String)
- `lc_type` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (String)
- `template_db` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--database--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database.extension`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean)
- `fqdn` (String)
- `priority` (Number)
- `replication_source` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `zone` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `hour` (Number)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `conn_limit` (Number)
- `grants` (List of String)
- `login` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `permission` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--permission))
- `settings` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--user--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.permission`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String)
