---
subcategory: "Managed Service for Elasticsearch"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Managed Elasticsearch cluster.
---

# yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed Elasticsearch cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/concepts).

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB ElasticSearch Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_elasticsearch_cluster.my_cluster.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Elasticsearch cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `service_account_id` (String) [Service account](https://yandex.cloud/docs/iam/concepts/users/service-accounts) which linked to the resource.

### Read-Only

- `config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Elasticsearch cluster. Can be either `PRESTABLE` or `PRODUCTION`.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `host` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-elasticsearch/api-ref/Cluster/).

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `admin_password` (String)
- `data_node` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--data_node))
- `edition` (String)
- `master_node` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--master_node))
- `plugins` (Set of String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--data_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.data_node`

Read-Only:

- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--data_node--resources))

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--data_node--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.data_node.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number)
- `disk_type_id` (String)
- `resource_preset_id` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--config--master_node"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.master_node`

Read-Only:

- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--master_node--resources))

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--master_node--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.master_node.resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number)
- `disk_type_id` (String)
- `resource_preset_id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean)
- `fqdn` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `zone` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `hour` (Number)
- `type` (String)
