---
subcategory: "Managed Service for Apache Kafka"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_mdb_kafka_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Managed Kafka cluster.
---

# yandex_mdb_kafka_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed Kafka cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts).

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB Kafka Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_kafka_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_kafka_cluster.my_cluster.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Kafka cluster.
- `config` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The list of VPC subnets identifiers which resource is attached.
- `topic` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topic))
- `user` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user))

### Read-Only

- `access` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the Kafka cluster. Can be either `PRESTABLE` or `PRODUCTION`. The default is `PRODUCTION`.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster. Can be either `ALIVE`, `DEGRADED`, `DEAD` or `HEALTH_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `health` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/api-ref/Cluster/).
- `host` (Set of Object) A host of the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String) A list of IDs of the host groups to place VMs of the cluster on.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster. Can be either `CREATING`, `STARTING`, `RUNNING`, `UPDATING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `ERROR` or `STATUS_UNKNOWN`. For more information see `status` field of JSON representation in [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/api-ref/Cluster/).

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `kafka` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration of the Kafka subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--kafka))

- `version` (String) Version of the Kafka server software. Version of the Kafka server software.

- `zones` (List of String) List of availability zones. List of availability zones.


Optional:

- `access` (Block List, Max: 1) Access policy to the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--access))

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Determines whether each broker will be assigned a public IP address. The default is `false`. Determines whether each broker will be assigned a public IP address. The default is `false`.

- `brokers_count` (Number) Count of brokers per availability zone. The default is `1`. Count of brokers per availability zone. The default is `1`.

- `disk_size_autoscaling` (Block List, Max: 1) Disk autoscaling settings of the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--disk_size_autoscaling))

- `kraft` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of the KRaft-controller subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--kraft))

- `schema_registry` (Boolean) Enables managed schema registry on cluster. The default is `false`. Enables managed schema registry on cluster. The default is `false`.

- `unmanaged_topics` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `zookeeper` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration of the ZooKeeper subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--zookeeper))


<a id="nestedblock--config--kafka"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kafka`

Required:

- `resources` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the Kafka subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--kafka--resources))


Optional:

- `kafka_config` (Block List, Max: 1) User-defined settings for the Kafka cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/operations/cluster-update) and [the Kafka documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#configuration). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--kafka--kafka_config))


<a id="nestedblock--config--kafka--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kafka.resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a Kafka host, in gigabytes. Volume of the storage available to a Kafka host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of Kafka hosts. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/storage). Type of the storage of Kafka hosts. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/storage).

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a Kafka host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts). The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a Kafka host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts).



<a id="nestedblock--config--kafka--kafka_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kafka.kafka_config`

Optional:

- `auto_create_topics_enable` (Boolean)
- `compression_type` (String)
- `default_replication_factor` (String)
- `log_flush_interval_messages` (String)
- `log_flush_interval_ms` (String)
- `log_flush_scheduler_interval_ms` (String)
- `log_preallocate` (Boolean)
- `log_retention_bytes` (String)
- `log_retention_hours` (String)
- `log_retention_minutes` (String)
- `log_retention_ms` (String)
- `log_segment_bytes` (String)
- `message_max_bytes` (String)
- `num_partitions` (String)
- `offsets_retention_minutes` (String)
- `replica_fetch_max_bytes` (String)
- `sasl_enabled_mechanisms` (Set of String)
- `socket_receive_buffer_bytes` (String)
- `socket_send_buffer_bytes` (String)
- `ssl_cipher_suites` (Set of String)



<a id="nestedblock--config--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.access`

Optional:

- `data_transfer` (Boolean) Allow access for [DataTransfer](https://yandex.cloud/services/data-transfer). Allow access for [DataTransfer](https://yandex.cloud/services/data-transfer).



<a id="nestedblock--config--disk_size_autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.disk_size_autoscaling`

Required:

- `disk_size_limit` (Number) Maximum possible size of disk in bytes. Maximum possible size of disk in bytes.


Optional:

- `emergency_usage_threshold` (Number) Percent of disk utilization. Disk will autoscale immediately, if this threshold reached. Value is between 0 and 100. Default value is 0 (autoscaling disabled). Must be not less then 'planned_usage_threshold' value. Percent of disk utilization. Disk will autoscale immediately, if this threshold reached. Value is between 0 and 100. Default value is 0 (autoscaling disabled). Must be not less then 'planned_usage_threshold' value.

- `planned_usage_threshold` (Number) Percent of disk utilization. During maintenance disk will autoscale, if this threshold reached. Value is between 0 and 100. Default value is 0 (autoscaling disabled). Percent of disk utilization. During maintenance disk will autoscale, if this threshold reached. Value is between 0 and 100. Default value is 0 (autoscaling disabled).



<a id="nestedblock--config--kraft"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kraft`

Optional:

- `resources` (Block List, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the KRaft-controller subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--kraft--resources))


<a id="nestedblock--config--kraft--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.kraft.resources`

Optional:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a KRaft-controller host, in gigabytes. Volume of the storage available to a KRaft-controller host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of KRaft-controller hosts. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/storage). Type of the storage of KRaft-controller hosts. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/storage).

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a KRaft-controller host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts). The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a KRaft-controller host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts).




<a id="nestedblock--config--zookeeper"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.zookeeper`

Optional:

- `resources` (Block List, Max: 1) Resources allocated to hosts of the ZooKeeper subcluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--zookeeper--resources))


<a id="nestedblock--config--zookeeper--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.zookeeper.resources`

Optional:

- `disk_size` (Number) Volume of the storage available to a ZooKeeper host, in gigabytes. Volume of the storage available to a ZooKeeper host, in gigabytes.

- `disk_type_id` (String) Type of the storage of ZooKeeper hosts. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/storage). Type of the storage of ZooKeeper hosts. For more information see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts/storage).

- `resource_preset_id` (String) The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a ZooKeeper host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts). The ID of the preset for computational resources available to a ZooKeeper host (CPU, memory etc.). For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/concepts).





<a id="nestedblock--topic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the topic. The name of the topic.

- `partitions` (Number) The number of the topic's partitions. The number of the topic's partitions.

- `replication_factor` (Number) Amount of data copies (replicas) for the topic in the cluster. Amount of data copies (replicas) for the topic in the cluster.


Optional:

- `topic_config` (Block List, Max: 1) User-defined settings for the topic. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-kafka/operations/cluster-topics#update-topic) and [the Kafka documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#configuration). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--topic--topic_config))


<a id="nestedblock--topic--topic_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic.topic_config`

Optional:

- `cleanup_policy` (String)
- `compression_type` (String)
- `delete_retention_ms` (String)
- `file_delete_delay_ms` (String)
- `flush_messages` (String)
- `flush_ms` (String)
- `max_message_bytes` (String)
- `min_compaction_lag_ms` (String)
- `min_insync_replicas` (String)
- `preallocate` (Boolean)
- `retention_bytes` (String)
- `retention_ms` (String)
- `segment_bytes` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the user. The name of the user.

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the user. The password of the user.


Optional:

- `permission` (Block Set) Set of permissions granted to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user--permission))


<a id="nestedblock--user--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.permission`

Required:

- `role` (String) The role type to grant to the topic. The role type to grant to the topic.

- `topic_name` (String) The name of the topic that the permission grants access to. The name of the topic that the permission grants access to.


Optional:

- `allow_hosts` (Set of String) Set of hosts, to which this permission grants access to. Only ip-addresses allowed as value of single host. Set of hosts, to which this permission grants access to. Only ip-addresses allowed as value of single host.




<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Read-Only:

- `data_transfer` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean)
- `health` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `zone_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String) Day of the week (in `DDD` format). Allowed values: `MON`, `TUE`, `WED`, `THU`, `FRI`, `SAT`, `SUN`.

- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day in UTC (in `HH` format). Allowed value is between 1 and 24.

- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either `ANYTIME` or `WEEKLY`. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.

