---
subcategory: "Managed Service for MySQL"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information about a Yandex Managed MySQL cluster.
---

# yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster (Data Source)

Get information about a Yandex Managed MySQL cluster. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/managed-mysql/).

~> Either `cluster_id` or `name` should be specified.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing MDB MySQL Cluster.
//
data "yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster" "my_cluster" {
  name = "test"
}

output "network_id" {
  value = data.yandex_mdb_mysql_cluster.my_cluster.network_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access))
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the MySQL cluster.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The `true` value means that resource is protected from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder identifier that resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider `folder-id` is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs which assigned to resource.
- `mysql_config` (Map of String)
- `name` (String) The resource name.

### Read-Only

- `backup_retain_period_days` (Number) The period in days during which backups are stored.
- `backup_window_start` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_window_start))
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the resource.
- `database` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the MySQL cluster.
- `health` (String) Aggregated health of the cluster.
- `host` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host))
- `host_group_ids` (Set of String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The `VPC Network ID` of subnets which resource attached to.
- `performance_diagnostics` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--performance_diagnostics))
- `resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of security groups applied to resource or their components.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `user` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))
- `version` (String) Version of the MySQL cluster. (allowed versions are: 5.7, 8.0).

<a id="nestedblock--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean)
- `data_transfer` (Boolean)
- `web_sql` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--backup_window_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_window_start`

Read-Only:

- `hours` (Number)
- `minutes` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host`

Read-Only:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean)
- `backup_priority` (Number)
- `fqdn` (String)
- `priority` (Number)
- `replication_source` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `zone` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `hour` (Number)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--performance_diagnostics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `performance_diagnostics`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `sessions_sampling_interval` (Number)
- `statements_sampling_interval` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number)
- `disk_type_id` (String)
- `resource_preset_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_plugin` (String)
- `connection_limits` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--connection_limits))
- `global_permissions` (Set of String)
- `name` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `permission` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--user--permission))

<a id="nestedobjatt--user--connection_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.connection_limits`

Read-Only:

- `max_connections_per_hour` (Number)
- `max_questions_per_hour` (Number)
- `max_updates_per_hour` (Number)
- `max_user_connections` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--user--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user.permission`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String)
- `roles` (List of String)
