---
subcategory: "Resource Manager"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_resourcemanager_cloud"
description: |-
  Retrieve Yandex RM Cloud details.
---

# yandex_resourcemanager_cloud (Data Source)

A Cloud resource. For more information, see [Cloud](/docs/resource-manager/concepts/resources-hierarchy#cloud).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Get information about existing Cloud.
//
data "yandex_resourcemanager_cloud" "my_cloud" {
  name = "foo-cloud"
}

output "cloud_create_timestamp" {
  value = data.yandex_resourcemanager_cloud.my_cloud.created_at
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cloud_id` (String) ID of the Cloud resource to return.
 To get the cloud ID, use a [CloudService.List] request.
- `id` (String) ID of the Cloud resource to return.
 To get the cloud ID, use a [CloudService.List] request.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp.
- `description` (String) Description of the cloud. 0-256 characters long.
- `labels` (Map of String) Resource labels as `` key:value `` pairs. Maximum of 64 per resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the cloud. 3-63 characters long.
- `organization_id` (String) ID of the organization that the cloud belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
