---
subcategory: "Cloud Content Delivery Network (CDN)"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_cdn_origin_group"
description: |-
  Allows management of a Yandex Cloud CDN Origin Groups.
---

# yandex_cdn_origin_group (Resource)

Allows management of [Yandex Cloud CDN Origin Groups](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cdn/concepts/origins).

~> CDN provider must be activated prior usage of CDN resources, either via UI console or via yc cli command: `yc cdn provider activate --folder-id <folder-id> --type gcore`.

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new CDN Origin Group
//
resource "yandex_cdn_origin_group" "my_group" {
  name     = "My Origin group"
  use_next = true

  origin {
    source = "ya.ru"
  }

  origin {
    source = "yandex.ru"
  }

  origin {
    source = "goo.gl"
  }

  origin {
    source = "amazon.com"
    backup = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the origin group.

### Optional

- `folder_id` (String) The ID of the folder that the resource belongs to. If it is not provided, the default provider folder is used.
- `origin` (Block Set) A set of available origins. An origin group must contain at least one enabled origin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--origin))
- `provider_type` (String) CDN provider is a content delivery service provider. Possible values: "ourcdn" (default) or "gcore".
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `use_next` (Boolean) If the option is active (has true value), in case the origin responds with 4XX or 5XX codes, use the next origin from the list.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the CDN origin group.

<a id="nestedblock--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin`

Required:

- `source` (String) IP address or Domain name of your origin and the port (e.g., `example.com:8080` or `192.0.2.1:80`).

Optional:

- `backup` (Boolean) Specifies whether the origin is used in its origin group as backup. A backup origin is used when one of active origins becomes unavailable. Default: `false`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The origin is enabled and used as a source for the CDN. Default: `true`.

Read-Only:

- `origin_group_id` (String) The ID of the origin group that this origin belongs to.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud) or [YC CLI](https://yandex.cloud/docs/cli/quickstart).

```bash
# terraform import yandex_cdn_origin_group.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_cdn_origin_group.my_cdn_group ...
```
