---
subcategory: "Cloud Domain Name System (DNS)"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_dns_zone"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS Zone within Yandex Cloud.
---

# yandex_dns_zone (Resource)

Manages a DNS Zone.

## Example usage

```terraform
resource "yandex_vpc_network" "foo" {}

resource "yandex_dns_zone" "zone1" {
  name        = "my-private-zone"
  description = "desc"

  labels = {
    label1 = "label-1-value"
  }

  zone             = "example.com."
  public           = false
  private_networks = [yandex_vpc_network.foo.id]

  deletion_protection = true
}

resource "yandex_dns_recordset" "rs1" {
  zone_id = yandex_dns_zone.zone1.id
  name    = "srv.example.com."
  type    = "A"
  ttl     = 200
  data    = ["10.1.0.1"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone` (String) The DNS name of this zone, e.g. "example.com.". Must ends with dot.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Flag that protects the dns zone from accidental deletion.
- `description` (String) Description of the DNS zone.
- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder to create a zone in. If it is not provided, the default provider folder is used.
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the DNS zone.
- `name` (String) User assigned name of a specific resource. Must be unique within the folder.
- `private_networks` (Set of String) For privately visible zones, the set of Virtual Private Cloud resources that the zone is visible from.
- `public` (Boolean) The zone's visibility: public zones are exposed to the Internet, while private zones are visible only to Virtual Private Cloud resources.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The DNS zone creation timestamp.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).




## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# DNS zone can be imported using this format:
terraform import yandex_dns_zone.zone1 {zone_id}
```
