---
subcategory: "Managed Service for PostgreSQL"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_beta"
description: |-
  
---

# yandex_mdb_postgresql_cluster_beta

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) Deployment environment of the cluster.
- `hosts` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosts))
- `name` (String)
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network that the cluster belongs to.

### Optional

- `config` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Inhibits deletion of the cluster. Can be either true or false.
- `description` (String)
- `folder_id` (String) ID of the folder that the cluster belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) Custom labels for the cluster as key-value pairs.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) Maintenance policy of the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) A set of ids of security groups assigned to hosts of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosts`

Required:

- `zone` (String) Availability zone where the host is located.

Optional:

- `assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Assign a public IP address to the host.
- `replication_source` (String) FQDN of the host that is used as a replication source.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet where the host is located.

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) Fully Qualified Domain Name. In other words, hostname.


<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `version` (String) Version of the PostgreSQL cluster

Optional:

- `access` (Attributes) Access policy to the PostgreSQL cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--access))
- `autofailover` (Boolean)
- `resources` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--config--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.access`

Optional:

- `data_lens` (Boolean) Allow access for Yandex DataLens.
- `data_transfer` (Boolean) Allow access for DataTransfer
- `serverless` (Boolean) Allow access for connection to managed databases from functions
- `web_sql` (Boolean) Allow access for SQL queries in the management console


<a id="nestedblock--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources`

Required:

- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `disk_type_id` (String) ID of the disk type that determines the disk performance characteristics.
- `resource_preset_id` (String) ID of the resource preset that determines the number of CPU cores and memory size for the host.



<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `day` (String) Day of the week (in DDD format). Allowed values: "MON", "TUE", "WED", "THU", "FRI", "SAT","SUN"
- `hour` (Number) Hour of the day in UTC (in HH format). Allowed value is between 1 and 24.
- `type` (String) Type of maintenance window. Can be either ANYTIME or WEEKLY. A day and hour of window need to be specified with weekly window.