---
subcategory: "Cloud Organization"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_organizationmanager_group_mapping_item"
description: |-
  Allows management of a Yandex Cloud Organization Manager Group Mapping Items.
---

# yandex_organizationmanager_group_mapping_item (Resource)



~> Group mapping items depends on group mapping. If you create group mapping via terraform use "depends_on" meta-argument to avoid errors (see example below).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "yandex_organizationmanager_group_mapping_item" "group_mapping_item" {
  federation_id = "my-federation_id"
  internal_group_id = "my_internal_group_id"
  external_group_id = "my_external_group_id"

  depends_on = [yandex_organizationmanager_group_mapping.group_mapping]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `external_group_id` (String) ID of the external group
- `federation_id` (String) ID of the SAML Federation
- `internal_group_id` (String) ID of the internal group

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.




## Import

Resource can be imported using the following syntax:

```shell
#
terraform import yandex_organizationmanager_group_mapping.foo {federation_id}/{internal_group_id}/{external_group_id}
```

