---
subcategory: "Yandex Query"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_yq_monitoring_connection"
description: |-
  Manages Object Storage connection.
---

# yandex_yq_monitoring_connection (Resource)

Monitoring connection. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/query/concepts/glossary#connection).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new Monitoring connection.
//

resource "yandex_yq_monitoring_connection" "my_mon_connection" {
    name = "tf-test-mon-connection"
    description = "Connection has been created from Terraform"
    project = "my_project"
    cluster = "my_cluster"
    service_account_id = yandex_iam_service_account.for-yq.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) The cluster name.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `project` (String) The project name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `service_account_id` (String) The service account ID to access resources on behalf of.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_yq_monitoring_connection.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_yq_monitoring_connection.my_mon_connection ...
```
