---
subcategory: "Yandex Query"
page_title: "Yandex: yandex_yq_yds_binding"
description: |-
  Manages Yandex DataStream binding.
---

# yandex_yq_yds_binding (Resource)

Yandex DataStreams binding. For more information, see [the official documentation](https://yandex.cloud/docs/query/concepts/glossary#binding).

## Example usage

```terraform
//
// Create a new YDS binding.
//

resource "yandex_yq_yds_binding" "my_yds_binding" {
    name = "tf-test-os-binding"
    description = "Binding has been created from Terraform"
    connection_id = yandex_yq_yds_connection.my_yds_connection.id
    format = "csv_with_names"
    stream = "my_stream"
    format_setting = {
      "data.datetime.format_name" = "POSIX"
    }
    column {
        name = "ts"
        type = "Timestamp"
    }
    column {
        name = "message"
        type = "Utf8"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `column` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--column))
- `connection_id` (String) The connection identifier.
- `format` (String) The data format, e.g. csv_with_names, json_as_string, json_each_row, json_list, parquet, raw, tsv_with_names.
- `name` (String) The resource name.
- `stream` (String) The stream name.

### Optional

- `compression` (String) The data compression algorithm, e.g. brotli, bzip2, gzip, lz4, xz, zstd.
- `description` (String) The resource description.
- `format_setting` (Map of String) Special format setting.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--column"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column`

Required:

- `name` (String) Column name.
- `type` (String) Column data type. YQL data types are used.

Optional:

- `not_null` (Boolean) A column cannot have the NULL data type. Default: `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `default` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

The resource can be imported by using their `resource ID`. For getting the resource ID you can use Yandex Cloud [Web Console](https://console.yandex.cloud).

```shell
# terraform import yandex_yq_yds_binding.<resource Name> <resource Id>
terraform import yandex_yq_yds_binding.my_yds_binding ...
```
